README.md, before:

# Localizer
A straightforward, fast, and extensible localization library for Kotlin on JVM.

## Features:
- Custom component mappers for classes.
- Config file generation tools.
- Support for custom placeholder replacement implementations.

## Usage

*Implement custom language files!*
```kotlin
interface CoreLang
{
    @Id("events.player-login")
    @Describe("Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!")
    @DefaultsTo("%player% joined the game!")
    fun playerJoins(
        @Self
        @Component("username")
        player: Identity
    ): List<String>

    @Id("events.player-logout")
    @Describe("Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!")
    @DefaultsTo("%player% left the game for %reason%!")
    fun playerLeaves(
        @Self
        @Component("username")
        player: Identity,
        reason: String
    ): List<String>
}
```
*Configure the platform to build resource buckets!*
```kotlin
Localizer
    .configure(
        object : IdentityImpl
        {
            override fun identity(uniqueId: UUID) = noOp
            override fun identity(username: String) = noOp
        },
        object : PlaceholderProcessor
        {
            override fun transform(identity: Identity?, message: String) = message
        }
    ) {
        PropertiesResourceBucket(it)
    }
```
*Build implementations of your language files!*
```kotlin
val coreLang = Localizer.build<CoreLang>()
println(coreLang.playerJoins(identity))
println(coreLang.playerLeaves(identity, "destroyed"))
```
*Generate configs automatically with either props or yaml!*
```properties
# Generated on Wed Jul 26 13:12:06 EDT 2023 by BearLocalizer
# Maps to class io.liftgate.localize.test.TestLang.properties
# ----
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!
# Default value:
# %player% joined the game!
events.player-login=%player% joined the game!
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!
# Default value:
# %player% left the game for %reason%!
events.player-logout=%player% left the game for %reason%!
```
```yaml
# Generated on Wed Jul 26 14:56:49 EDT 2023 by BearLocalizer
# Maps to class io.liftgate.localize.test.TestLang
---
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!
"player-login":
  - "%player% joined the game!"
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!
"player-logout":
  - "%player% left the game for %reason%!"
```

## Resource buckets:
 - **Yaml**: Requires `com.amihaiemil.web:eo-yaml:7.0.8` to be available at runtime.

Commit message:

feat: add support for colored messages

README.md, after:

# Localizer
A straightforward, fast, and extensible localization library for Kotlin on JVM.

## Features:
- Custom component mappers for classes.
- Config file generation tools.
- Support for custom placeholder replacement implementations.

## Usage

*Implement custom language files!*
```kotlin
interface CoreLang
{
    @Id("events.player-login")
    @Describe("Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!")
    @DefaultsTo("%player% joined the game!")
    fun playerJoins(
        @Self
        @Component("username")
        player: Identity
    ): List<String>

    // BearLocalizer will generate ids if none is given
    @Colored
    @Describe("Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!")
    @DefaultsTo("&6%player%&e left the game for &a%reason%&e!")
    fun playerLeaves(
        @Self // BearLocalizer defaults to the username if no component is provided
        player: Identity,
        reason: String
    ): List<String>
}
```
*Configure the platform to build resource buckets!*
```kotlin
Localizer
    .configure(
        object : IdentityImpl
        {
            override fun identity(uniqueId: UUID) = noOp
            override fun identity(username: String) = noOp
        },
        object : PlaceholderProcessor
        {
            override fun transform(identity: Identity?, message: String) = message
        }
    ) {
        PropertiesResourceBucket(it)
    }
```
*Build implementations of your language files!*
```kotlin
val coreLang = Localizer.of<TestLang>()
println(coreLang.playerJoins(identity))
println(coreLang.playerLeaves(identity, "destroyed"))
```
*Generate configs automatically with either props or yaml!*
```properties
# Generated on Wed Jul 26 13:12:06 EDT 2023 by BearLocalizer
# Maps to class io.liftgate.localize.test.TestLang.properties
# ----
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!
# Default value:
# %player% joined the game!
events.player-login=%player% joined the game!
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!
# Default value:
# %player% left the game for %reason%!
events.player-logout=%player% left the game for %reason%!
```
```yaml
# Generated on Wed Jul 26 14:56:49 EDT 2023 by BearLocalizer
# Maps to class io.liftgate.localize.test.TestLang
---
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs in!
"player-login":
  - "%player% joined the game!"
# Broadcasts this message to the server when a player logs out!
"player-logout":
  - "%player% left the game for %reason%!"
```

## Resource buckets:
 - **Yaml**: Requires `com.amihaiemil.web:eo-yaml:7.0.8` to be available at runtime.
